---
toc: true
comments: true
layout: post
title: Alumni Speaker Notes
description: These are notes from the alumni speaker event on 9/19
courses: { csa: {week: 4} }
type: tangibles
---
## Notes
Colin C hill --> Class of 2020
- Third year at UCSD at Mechanical Engineers
- Take leadership opportunities and show impact
- Having something tangibles
Tristan
- First year at Miramar Community college
- Building projects and got a internship and job later at LG 
- Network and start simple and then build bigger projects and deploy projects
Mabel Szeto
- UCSD, neuroscience
- look into other majors and specific majors like machine learning and linguistics
- Redesign something companies that you want to work at have and show how you made it better
Anthony
- CS major at UCI, Second year
- worked at code ninjas
- The more applications you do the better chances of getting into college
- Extracurricular include Cyber, Code Ninjas, Web dev freelancing
- Do leetcode

## Takeaways 
Computer Science and basic scripting is integrated into almost all the engineering majors and other majors that work on future tech. This can be seen from the different majors of all these Alumni spoke about but still used and continue to use CS in some part of their majors. Additionally, I understood that creating projects and showing it is important to land jobs and internships. Moreover, keeping up with trends and continious practice will always be helpful 
## Reflection
The alumni speaker talk provided valuable insights into the intersection of computer science with various engineering and tech-related majors. It was evident from Colin's experience in Mechanical Engineering at UCSD that taking on leadership roles and demonstrating tangible impacts is crucial. Tristan's journey at Miramar Community College highlighted the significance of starting small with projects and gradually scaling up, eventually leading to valuable internships and job opportunities at LG. Mabel's pursuit of neuroscience at UCSD showed the importance of exploring diverse majors, including niche fields like machine learning and linguistics. Her emphasis on redesigning existing products to showcase improvement resonated strongly. Anthony's path in Computer Science at UCI underscored the value of diverse extracurricular involvement, ranging from cyber activities to web development freelancing. His advice to engage in Leetcode for skill enhancement was particularly noteworthy.
Overall, the talk illuminated how computer science and basic scripting form integral components of various forward-looking disciplines. It reinforced the idea that creating and showcasing projects is instrumental in securing internships and jobs within these fields. Additionally, the emphasis on staying abreast of industry trends and consistently honing one's skills was a valuable takeaway.


